Hello Dear Erol Hoca,

I have enjoyed the ECON413, and prior to that, I had added your course 
with a great pleasure.
Throughout the semester, I have honestly done my best during the course.

Thank you so much for having taught such a know-how course.

I would like to inform and ask you about ECON413 project and my colleagues.

Regarding my colleagues, in order to cooperate and make the best out of our group work,
 I tried to get involved everyone in the group with all my good intentions even though 
 I am not a leader or something of the group. 
As my colleagues, I did not know almost anything about R either.  I have learned all 
myself all I learned, allocating extra time besides my other courses 
therefore I have slightly passed them regarding my pace. I always intended to encourage 
my colleagues, shared R guides, R trade flow guides, youtube videos etc. — because, in the
 beginning, they seemed to be a bit lost but I personally think it was fine.

However, as time passed and they have started falling behind, they started showing 
no more interest to the project, even though we met up together a couple of times 
and they know that it is a demanding task, and expected me to tell them “what to do”. 
I cannot tell my colleagues what to do or solve their coding problems each time
 while Google is one-click away.

I personally find it ridiculous my colleagues expect me explain them what to do.
We are all grown-up adults and should be capable of taking their own responsibilities 
such as “understanding what is the problem” and how to solve it. Of course, I can help, 
discuss, solve their problems if they are having some problems at some point or mistakes
 but I cannot teach them the project and show them what to do. One of my colleagues told 
 me that she does not even have an idea about the project a week before the first 
 presentation. Honestly it drove me crazy, and our group is a ghost since then because 
 I am tired of instructing.

Even though not perfect, if possible, 
I would like to kindly ask you if I can keep doing the project individually because the 
existence of my group friends is an obstacle for me rather than support.

Thank you for your attention and time.

Best Regards,

Mert YAZAL.